doc(STONEINTG-1149): add more details to contexts (#355)
konflux-ci/docs: modules/testing/pages/integration/choosing-contexts.adoc

** This context is run for builds of all components, but not for special cases like manually created Snapshots
* “component_COMPONENT” - runs the integration test only for a build of a specific component
** For a component  `sample-component`, this context would need to be `component_sample-component`
** This context automatically applies to both pull_request & push event types. If you want to run the tests only for a specific component 

> use this context and do not explicitly set the `pull_request` or `push` context. See the NOTE below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
use the "component_<name>" context instead of explicitly setting pull_request or push.. See the NOTE below.
```
